[
  {
    "objectID": "index.html",
    "href": "index.html",
    "title": "Zachariah Marrero PhD",
    "section": "",
    "text": "I'm an experienced computational social scientist with a PhD in Social & Personality Psychology. My specialization is in the development and application of machine learning for scientific research, with an emphasis in psychological science. In particular, I have focused my studies on developing complex algorithms and utilized my knowledge of machine learning and data analytics to create machine learning models using features derived from behaviors of everyday life. These are then examined to extract insights about psychological phenomena. For example, I have developed models that analyze momentary naturalistic speech to predict personality and depression. Additionally, I have a long and diverse work history, including a Signals Intelligence Operations Analyst role in the US Marine Corps, a Non-Commissioned Officer in the US Marine Corps, management positions, and other high-intensity, service-industry roles. These experiences have honed my ability to communicate complex technical concepts to non-experts and impressed upon me the importance of sharing the benefits of technological advancements with society. I believe that the true value of machine learning lies in its ability to solve real-world problems that help people. With a proven track record in academia, research, and various leadership roles, I am uniquely positioned to contribute significantly to any organization’s success.\n\nLastly, there is a growing public awareness of the potential of AI. I count myself as a champion for AI integration in society and am dedicated to harnessing the power of AI to drive prosperity and defense, while maintaining a strong commitment to excellence and continuous growth."
  },
  {
    "objectID": "about.html",
    "href": "about.html",
    "title": "Zachariah Marrero PhD",
    "section": "",
    "text": "I'm an experienced computational social scientist with a PhD in Social & Personality Psychology. My specialization is in the development and application of machine learning for scientific research, with an emphasis in psychological science. In particular, I have focused my studies on developing complex algorithms and utilized my knowledge of machine learning and data analytics to create machine learning models using features derived from behaviors of everyday life. These are then examined to extract insights about psychological phenomena. For example, I have developed models that analyze momentary naturalistic speech to predict personality and depression. Additionally, I have a long and diverse work history, including a Signals Intelligence Operations Analyst role in the US Marine Corps, a Non-Commissioned Officer in the US Marine Corps, management positions, and other high-intensity, service-industry roles. These experiences have honed my ability to communicate complex technical concepts to non-experts and impressed upon me the importance of sharing the benefits of technological advancements with society. I believe that the true value of machine learning lies in its ability to solve real-world problems that help people. With a proven track record in academia, research, and various leadership roles, I am uniquely positioned to contribute significantly to any organization’s success.\n\nLastly, there is a growing public awareness of the potential of AI. I count myself as a champion for AI integration in society and am dedicated to harnessing the power of AI to drive prosperity and defense, while maintaining a strong commitment to excellence and continuous growth.\n\n1 + 1\n\n[1] 2"
  }
]